mip/README.md, before:

# Review Pending Parser

This Go program parses the NIST Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) "Modules In Process" HTML file to extract all entries that are in "Review Pending" status and counts how many entered the queue before a specified cutoff date (5/8/2025).

## Usage

```bash
# Show all Review Pending entries with details
go run main.go [filename]

# Show only the summary
go run main.go -summary [filename]
```

If no filename is provided, it defaults to "modules-in-process-list" in the current directory.

## Features

- Parses HTML table structure to extract module information
- Filters for entries with "Review Pending" status
- Extracts dates from status field (format: "Review Pending (MM/DD/YYYY)")
- Counts entries that entered the queue before 5/8/2025
- Provides both detailed output and summary-only mode

## Example Output

```
Total Review Pending entries: 180
Entries before 5/8/2025: 151
```

## Dependencies

- golang.org/x/net/html for HTML parsing

## Installation

```bash
go mod tidy
go build
```

Commit message:

mip: add comprehensive tests for HTML parsing
- Move HTML test data to testdata/ directory
- Add tests for entry count validation (180 total, 151 before cutoff)
- Add sanity check for Geomys LLC entry on cutoff date (5/8/2025)
- Add unit tests for date parsing and filtering functions

Co-Authored-By: sketch <hello@sketch.dev>
Change-ID: scb019d54cc308ba8k

mip/README.md, after:

# Review Pending Parser

This Go program parses the NIST Cryptographic Module Validation Program (CMVP) "Modules In Process" HTML file to extract all entries that are in "Review Pending" status and counts how many entered the queue before a specified cutoff date (5/8/2025).

## Usage

```bash
# Show all Review Pending entries with details
go run main.go [filename]

# Show only the summary
go run main.go -summary [filename]
```

If no filename is provided, it defaults to "testdata/modules-in-process-list".

## Features

- Parses HTML table structure to extract module information
- Filters for entries with "Review Pending" status
- Extracts dates from status field (format: "Review Pending (MM/DD/YYYY)")
- Counts entries that entered the queue before 5/8/2025
- Provides both detailed output and summary-only mode

## Example Output

```
Total Review Pending entries: 180
Entries before 5/8/2025: 151
```

## Dependencies

- golang.org/x/net/html for HTML parsing

## Testing

```bash
# Run all tests
go test -v
```

## Installation

```bash
go mod tidy
go build
```
